{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Nirmala UI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red52\green142\blue230;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue160;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\lang9\par
\b\f1\fs48 CJ Karkut\b0\fs24\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Full Stack Developer | Typescript | Node | React | Firebase\fs32\par
\cf0\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28 Portfolio: {\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://portfolio-18062.web.app/ }}{\fldrslt{https://portfolio-18062.web.app/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs28\par
Phone: \b0 636-744-2704 \par
\b E-mail: \b0 cjkarkut@kutsolutions.com\par
\b Github: {\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/mr-steal-ur-code }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/mr-steal-ur-code\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f1\fs28\par
\b LinkedIn: {\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.linkedin.com/in/cj-karkut-046147293 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.linkedin.com/in/cj-karkut-046147293\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f1\fs28\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf3\b\f2\fs48 EXPERIENCE\cf4\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\ul\b\fs32 Junior Developer \par
\cf1\ulnone\fs24 The Flood Team\cf0\b0\fs22\par
\fs24 2021 - 2023 Remote\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Implemented, tested, and maintained new features for The Flood Team App using HTML CSS and Typescript.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Crafted customizable email templates using HTML, CSS, and Handlebars, seamlessly integrating dynamic data fields to automate email generation and boost operational efficiency.Developed and deployed internal application tools that significantly enhanced production workflows and team productivity\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Diagnosed and resolved critical software bugs, leading to a more stable and reliable application, resulting in improved user satisfaction.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Streamlined the global state management system, reducing data fetch times and elevating the overall user experience through performance optimizations.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Executed comprehensive testing strategies with Jest, ensuring robust and bug-free application releases.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\fs32 Owner / Full Stack Developer \par
\cf1\ulnone\fs24 Kutsolutions\cf0\b0\fs22\par
\fs24 2023 - Present Remote\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Orchestrated front-end development with React and Tailwind, creating a Progressive Web App (PWA) that delivers responsive and intuitive user interfaces across devices.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Architected RESTful APIs using Express, ensuring seamless integration between the front end and back end.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Enhanced API security through custom middleware and OAuth token-based authentication, safeguarding user data.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Developed a performant, server-side rendered website using Astro, optimizing load times and SEO.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Integrated Stripe for seamless payment processing, including implementing and managing webhooks for real-time transaction updates.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Leveraged Firebase as a backend solution, utilizing cloud functions to streamline serverless operations and improve scalability.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Integrated the Postmark email API, enabling efficient and reliable transactional email delivery.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}TypeScript testing using ViTest, ensuring code quality and reliability across the application.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf3\b\f2\fs48 TOP SKILLS\cf0\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li3240\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Typescript \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Firebase \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Tailwind \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b React \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b React-Native\b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Express \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Jest \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b SQL \b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Git and GitHub\b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Stripe\b0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Mongo\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf3\b\f2\fs48 EDUCATION\f1\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 TexasMcCombs Great Learning 2023 - 2024\b0\fs24\par
Professional Certificate in Full Stack Software Development (MERN stack)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 React \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Bootstrap\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}JQuery\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}SQL \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Mongo\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}AWS\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs32 Self Taught Development 2021 - current\par
\b0\fs24\par
\b Languages: \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 JavaScript\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}TypeScript\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}HTML\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}CSS\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b Databases:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Firebase \par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b Frameworks/Libraries:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 React\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}React-Native\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Astro\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}StencilJs\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Express\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Tailwind\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Four Rivers Career Center 2009 - 2010\b0\fs24\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b CompTIA A+ Certification \b0\par
Strong foundation in networking concepts, including network configuration, management, and troubleshooting.\par
\par
\b CompTIA Net+ Certification\par
\b0 Validates comprehensive skills in IT hardware and software, including installation, configuration, and support.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf3\b\f2\fs48 STRENGTHS\cf0\f1\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Reliability\b0\fs24\par

\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1 Successfully completed complex projects during my Junior tenure, consistently meeting demanding deadlines.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Teamwork\fs24\par

\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\b0 Contributed to a team-oriented environment that enhanced application quality and bug resolving.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Adaptability\b0\fs24\par

\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1 Quickly acquired proficiency in various libraries and technologies, including Handlebars, MJML, StencilJS, Puppeteer, Express, and Firebase, within my first year.\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\li2160\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\b\f2\fs48 REFERENCES\cf0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Julia Bay\b0  (Partner)\par
email: juliabay@yahoo.com\par
phone: (314) 412-3522\par
\par
\b Bobby Johnson\b0  (Mentor)\par
email: bobby@madnesslabs.net\par
phone: (314) 313-3351\par
\fs24\par
\cf3\b\f2\fs48 MY PROJECTS\cf0\b0\f1\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Frequency-Finder PhaserJs Game\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://frequency-finder-e93f7.web.app/ }}{\fldrslt{https://frequency-finder-e93f7.web.app/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs28\par
\b Consent Companion Website\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://consentcompanion.com }}{\fldrslt{https://consentcompanion.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs28\par
\b Consent Companion Web Application\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://consentcompanion.app }}{\fldrslt{https://consentcompanion.app\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs28\par

\pard\li2880\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 